[Music]
the final day saw the arrival of three
sharks he's huge look at him
[Music]
now the team began to notice a change
the whitetips are becoming bolder and
more aggressive the courage seemed to be
buoyed by the presence of the other
sharks worse still it was becoming
impossible to keep track of all three
sharks at once
and soon the whitetips began to show
more than just curiosity towards the
divers
some sharks investigate potential prey
by bumping it before they attack
Rick recognized the signs it was time to
leave he was surrounded and knew the
boat had to get to him fast
that was too intense
there's so many other would just excuse
me
it was down to Doug to get the final
shots and get out before his nice little
dogs turned really nasty
it's good
that sharks getting very electric and
hot I tell you he's got a mouth like
that you can take care
leggo
fabulous animal
it's into its feeding mode now
once D and I don't want to be part of it
Oh Doug there was always just one more
shot to get but concentrating on what
was in front of him meant he couldn't
see what was creeping up behind
and when one of the cruising sharks
changed through attack speed
it was definitely time to get out and
join Rick in the safety of the boat
before it was too late they seem to love
our interested than Rick I miss his suit
let's go find a bottle rum huh
[Laughter]
the oceanic whitetips had allowed the
planet Earth team a rare insight into
their world now it was time to leave
these magnificent animals in peace